Steve Holtsford: Hi, Mary.
Mary Holland: Hi, nice to meet you.
Likewise,
Steve Holtsford: So,
Mary Holland: I apologize in advance. I'm still getting used to all these zoom meeting kind of things.
Steve Holtsford: Hey no problem. I, I was just, I was going to apologize before you because this is really my first time sort of organizing this.
Steve Holtsford: This meeting. So you'll have to kind of forgive me if I
Mary Holland: Figure it out together.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, for sure. Alright, I'm going to lock the meeting.
Steve Holtsford: So hopefully we don't get
Steve Holtsford: Follow back with something inappropriate.
Steve Holtsford: Have you heard of that happening.
Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Alright, okay. Alright, so it's very nice to meet you.
Steve Holtsford: You too, so
Mary Holland: Just my story's a little bit more convoluted than most of the people that you're probably talking to
Mary Holland: Okay. Um, I was on. I have been on methadone maintenance therapy for about five or six years.
Mary Holland: Okay. Um, and then over the last year and a half. I've been detoxing from that.
Mary Holland: Okay, because I want to my husband and I would like to have another baby and I want to be awful the meds for that.
Mary Holland: Okay. Um, but about
Mary Holland: A month or so ago when Cove, it started happening. My methadone clinic is in East St. Louis, which is next to St. Louis.
Mary Holland: And that areas really bad and I was getting two weeks of take homes at a time.
Mary Holland: Okay, so, and at the time I am I, when I first started, I was all 110 milligrams. The clinic got me down to 40 milligrams. And then when I couldn't get there anymore because of the coven I took my took my last two weeks and got myself down to 15 or 20
Steve Holtsford: Okay, okay.
Mary Holland: And basically what I need is I just and I'm, I, I misinterpreted the amount of time the half life of the Methadone I forgot to account for that.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah.
Mary Holland: I work in mental health to every coach for bipolar schizophrenia, stuff like that.
Mary Holland: Oh, Austin and I am getting I'm currently finishing my bachelor's and working on my master's in psychology. I'm stable, I'm married to have a kid.
Mary Holland: Got it. My life is good. I
Mary Holland: Just can't just gotten sick. The last couple of days. And I thought, I can handle the withdrawal, but I can't.
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
Mary Holland: And I can't. Well, I could, if all I had to do with sleep, but I still have to go to work. So
Steve Holtsford: Got it, got
Mary Holland: I talked to my local physician, but he's very conservative and was very hesitant to help me.
Mary Holland: He gave me some soap for the nausea.
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
Mary Holland: And then, who gave me some met resolve for like antacid it he gave me hydroxyl scene for like anxiety and
Steve Holtsford: Sleep. Yes.
Mary Holland: And it helps them. It helps a little bit for the first couple days. But now that I'm at, like, day three day four, it
Mary Holland: Helped me
Steve Holtsford: Okay, okay.
Mary Holland: So what I really need is just a plan and maybe like if you could help me figure out, like maybe a week or two of, say, you know, take this much for this couple of days and then. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah okay okay and your primary doctor is not wavered. He can't write buprenorphine.
Mary Holland: Now he can't
Steve Holtsford: Okay, okay.
Mary Holland: I don't, I don't think he would even if he could. He's very
Steve Holtsford: Conservative. Okay. All right.
Steve Holtsford: And in terms of going back to the Methadone clinic. You say it's very bad in terms of coronavirus or in terms of
Mary Holland: For several reasons. One, they're just a terrible clinic. It's not run by a doctor. It's run by somebody used to be a prison warden. So you can imagine they're not very understanding with things interesting.
Mary Holland: Okay. And, but, yeah, they're also hit really bad right in that area of St. Louis with
Mary Holland: Kobe. And that's bad for me because I have to go back and work with my patients.
Steve Holtsford: Yes. No.
Mary Holland: I think the idea of the buprenorphine. You know, being easier to step off of than the Methadone
Steve Holtsford: I think that's probably true. You know, I think.
Steve Holtsford: There may not be great evidence that that's true but it, but it makes sense.
Mary Holland: I took my
Mary Holland: Temperature and BP and everything at work a little while ago.
Mary Holland: My but I temperature has been kind of fluctuating at a low fever, nothing over 100 but over 99 so like 99.7 or so.
Mary Holland: Okay, um, my last EP was
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
Mary Holland: And I'm just, I'm really feeling
Steve Holtsford: You're feeling bad, got it, got it. Okay. And, and so how did you hear about bright hearth health
Steve Holtsford: Google. Google. Okay.
Mary Holland: I guess there was such a thing as a virtual clinic for this in Illinois.
Steve Holtsford: And it just, I mean, it's hot off the press. I mean, it just got approved.
Mary Holland: You know, because of all this, I think, yeah.
Steve Holtsford: And maybe I mean they've been working on it for a while but but but yeah the timing is is has been has been perfect so I'm just to kind of give you a little bit of background. I'm a, I'm an ER doctor up in the West suburbs of Chicago. And then I do addictions, kind of on the side.
Mary Holland: Took my addiction brochures Chicago bad right now. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, exactly. So I'm and I'm actually in the process of sort of doing less er work and more addiction work, you know,
Steve Holtsford: That's cool, as we as we move forward. Yeah. Yeah, so it's
Mary Holland: Every coach for a residential treatment facility.
Steve Holtsford: Very good. Outstanding. Outstanding.
Steve Holtsford: So now in terms of having a baby.
Steve Holtsford: You know, you obviously don't have to get off meds to get pregnant.
Mary Holland: I know but i and i know it might be anecdotal. But from where I've been in the clinics. I've been in over the last seven years, the babies haven't been as healthy as other babies.
Mary Holland: You know, born plus in some states. I'm not sure about this one.
Mary Holland: I know that mothers born with babies on methadone automatically opens a CPS investigation.
Steve Holtsford: Oh, I don't think so.
Mary Holland: Yeah, I've heard that that can be the case.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, no, no. I think probably in in years past that might be the case, but but now
Steve Holtsford: That would not, you know, I've got a couple patients that are pregnant because I am I work in a regular clinic to. So I've got a
Mary Holland: Couple of patients. So you think methadone or Suboxone would be better.
Steve Holtsford: That is
Steve Holtsford: You know, the latest they're probably about the same, they're both pretty darn safe and the evidence is pretty clear that staying on the medication is better than getting off the medication.
Steve Holtsford: Of course, you're a little bit of a different breed because you've been super stable and and so
Steve Holtsford: But there's, there is in terms of
Mary Holland: Like infant how they have anything, one way or the other.
Steve Holtsford: That the the time in the hospital.
Steve Holtsford: Seems to be a little bit less in the buprenorphine group as opposed to a methadone group.
Steve Holtsford: The amount of false Neonatal Abstinence Withdrawal symptoms seems to be is leaning towards buprenorphine rather than methadone. Long story short,
Steve Holtsford: But I don't I don't think the American Academy American Society of Addiction Medicine is like pregnant women should be on buprenorphine not methadone, you know, it's not that strong of a recommendation.
Steve Holtsford: But
Steve Holtsford: But it's certainly, you know,
Steve Holtsford: Babies are born to moms that aren't people in our field all the time. The only thing that that and they all do well. The only thing is the baby's just got to be watched a little bit longer, you know,
Steve Holtsford: The baby's watched for you know 356 days just to just to make sure you know again with the long half life.
Mary Holland: Just to make sure. Right. That
Mary Holland: Suboxone doesn't have as long as a half life does it
Mary Holland: It does. Oh, yeah.
Steve Holtsford: I could never yes Suboxone is 24 to 36 hours. So it's about the same as method out same
Steve Holtsford: So i mean i i completely
Steve Holtsford: You know support you in your in your
Steve Holtsford: Goal to get completely off meds, but
Steve Holtsford: If you get pregnant, you get pregnant and and it's a
Way.
Mary Holland: That. But as I get off for my career because I know by the time I'm starting to apply for certain jobs, that's going to be a problem.
Steve Holtsford: Is that right
Mary Holland: Okay, yeah, I have to have like a controlled carry permit for because I have to drive clients around
Steve Holtsford: And, you know,
Mary Holland: Test for certain things.
Steve Holtsford: I see.
Mary Holland: So,
Mary Holland: I mean, there's other reasons why I want to get off the meds to
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, sure, sure, sure. Alright, so let's just can you kind of give me a brief history of your use history.
Mary Holland: I'm a few I have airlines download syndrome. Okay. And also, arthritis related to that. Several years ago, probably eight, nine years ago I was at a traditional
Mary Holland: pain management clinic. My husband was in the military. At the time, so we had tried care.
Mary Holland: And then my husband broke both his legs.
Mary Holland: And when we lost
Mary Holland: The they were micro fractures. Not like full on break. But anyway, he got discharged. So we lost her health insurance. I could no longer afford to pay the pain management doctor
Mary Holland: He was also not a very good pain doctor it
Mary Holland: I didn't know this at the time, but it really was kind of a pill mill. It was 40 people sitting in a waiting room to talk for five minutes.
Mary Holland: He took me from
Mary Holland: A reasonable five milligram percocet to several like 2448 milligrams with a lot at a day within a few months.
Mary Holland: So, and then when I suddenly lost health insurance had no money couldn't afford it.
Mary Holland: For these are buying pills from your friends and then you start doing heroin, because it's cheaper and, you know, so you end up
Mary Holland: In that cycle because you don't want to be sick and you're in pain from your disease.
Steve Holtsford: And how many years ago.
Mary Holland: That was about eight, nine years ago.
Mary Holland: I started methadone treatment probably seven or eight years ago.
Mary Holland: At a clinic in DC, which is where I was living at the time.
Mary Holland: Got it. They started me pretty low and worked me up to 110 eventually the ice stabilized it about at to feel OK.
Mary Holland: OK, and then we ended up going to one tennis tolerance came God and then I moved here to Illinois to be with my family, my whole family came with me, but to be with like my father and stuff like that.
Mary Holland: About two and a half years ago and I transferred to the clinic in East St. Louis, because it's the only one anywhere near me, and I have to drive an hour and a half to get to that.
Mary Holland: One. So, yeah, it's bad, that's the other part of it. I just don't want to be there anymore because it's so much of a hassle.
Mary Holland: Okay. Um, I was getting two weeks of take home at a time.
Mary Holland: And I asked them a year and a half ago or so to start detoxing me the doctor started bringing me down one milligram a week I asked her to bump it up to two milligrams a week. We did that for a while, went back to one milligram a week when I started to feel a little sick.
Mary Holland: They don't water it down, they just give you the straight liquid so I knew it was 10 milligrams per milliliter. Yeah, once I got my last two weeks to take homes and realized that I wasn't going to be able to go back. I just took myself down by about half a milligram a day.
Mary Holland: And got myself down to about 20 okay and I haven't had anything and about well spent about three days. I did have half a Viking in from a leftover dental procedure last night, and that's about it. That's
Mary Holland: Given me
Steve Holtsford: I appreciate your honesty.
Mary Holland: I'm going to be honest, because I
Mary Holland: Felt like shit.
Steve Holtsford: Oh, so. So now if if zero is no withdrawal symptoms and 10 is the worst you can imagine where, where would you say you are
Mary Holland: An eight I took a cow's
Mary Holland: Tail. It was about 36
Steve Holtsford: Wasn't really. Holy cow. Okay, you're ready.
Steve Holtsford: All right.
Steve Holtsford: And
Mary Holland: Her family would agree, cuz they're like, please just
Steve Holtsford: Are you crabby
Mary Holland: Like, oh god.
Mary Holland: Like wanting to break things
Mary Holland: We're all stuck in here together so
Steve Holtsford: I know rid of them.
Steve Holtsford: Right, so
Mary Holland: Because I said if I could just spend the next week sleeping through it. I would
Mary Holland: And I'd be happy with that. Yeah.
Mary Holland: And I still have my college classes attending online.
Mary Holland: God, and I still have to go to work.
Steve Holtsford: So, all right now.
Steve Holtsford: The besides the herb analysts any other past medical history.
Mary Holland: I had a C section with my daughter in 2009
Mary Holland: And a few years ago when I was still doing heroin. I ended up with a very bad Merce infection.
Mary Holland: Others hospitalized for about a week and a half.
Mary Holland: Okay. Other than that, nothing significant
Steve Holtsford: And that was just IV antibiotics.
Mary Holland: A lot of them. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, got it.
Mary Holland: And I guess. Well, a few weeks ago months ago, they discovered a large cyst on my left ovary.
Mary Holland: Okay, and they're still trying to figure out what to do about that. But because of the coded stuff. I haven't been able to get into. See the specialist
Steve Holtsford: Jada Jada smoke cigarettes.
Mary Holland: Yes, about three quarters back a day.
Steve Holtsford: Drink
Mary Holland: Nope. Not at all. It actually anything with tannins, and it makes my face swell up
Steve Holtsford: Gun KNOW, BEN'S those
Mary Holland: Other than the hydroxyl saying that the doctor gave me
Steve Holtsford: Okay yeah that's that's an anti histamines
Mary Holland: I know when it has seen that already. So I want to be honest about it.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, got it.
Steve Holtsford: No stimulants.
No.
Good.
Steve Holtsford: And did. What meds. Do you take precise methadone.
Mary Holland: Just what He's given me.
Steve Holtsford: Just those. Yeah.
Mary Holland: Ones that I mentioned.
Steve Holtsford: Just and those are all kind of PRN
Steve Holtsford: Those are just as needed.
Mary Holland: Right, yeah. Okay. Well, except for the map resolve the antacid that's one today. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Are you allergic to anything.
Mary Holland: Not that I'm aware of.
Steve Holtsford: A family history of substance use disorder.
Mary Holland: No, no, my mother died when I was 13 from colon cancer.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right.
Steve Holtsford: So you're going to feel you're going to feel much better. So, so you you're aware of buprenorphine kind of how it works and how it's you know, it's, it really is.
Steve Holtsford: It works very well you know it's a partial agonist. So, so it goes to that new receptor stimulates it but just stimulates it enough to make you feel better.
Mary Holland: Right.
Steve Holtsford: And it's got a long half life. So once or twice a day dosing is plenty. And then it's got a very high affinity for the receptor that's that's what why it's particularly good
Steve Holtsford: For especially the unstable population because when they you know use heroin on top of it.
Mary Holland: Now sick.
Steve Holtsford: Know that if they can't get high.
Mary Holland: What right, there's no behavior ism response.
Steve Holtsford: So, so exactly so the so the buprenorphine the affinity is very high, the heroin can't displace them people in morphine.
Steve Holtsford: So, you know, you sort of tell people that there'll be wasting their money, blah, blah, blah. So, so it's sort of a deterrent. That way to kind of a visit trial like deterrence, even though they're actually getting some organism.
Mary Holland: You know, I don't. I know this is probably unrelated. We just had a
Mary Holland: Giant fight and my behaviors in class the other day because of the study that showed that people that overdose typically do it and someplace that they don't typically
Mary Holland: They aren't so if they shoot up in their house and then they overdose in their car there was like a study about that we had a big fight about it was interesting.
Steve Holtsford: Is that right
Mary Holland: Yeah, so they found that the overdose rates are much higher if you're in a different environment because your behavior has changed.
Mary Holland: It was real interesting.
Steve Holtsford: That's very interesting. I, you know,
Mary Holland: I'm not, that's not related. I just
Steve Holtsford: I have not heard that. That's that is very interesting. It's very interesting.
Steve Holtsford: So, so that's basically how it works and and you know
Mary Holland: Typically, do the the tablets or the stripy
Steve Holtsford: Things. It's up to you.
Mary Holland: Okay. Which one's cheaper.
Mary Holland: Whatever's cheaper that's
Steve Holtsford: Okay, so do you have insurance or no.
Mary Holland: I do, but it's through my college
Mary Holland: At the clever things more expensive. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Are you still there. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm here.
Steve Holtsford: So the cheapest is some new techniques which is just buprenorphine. It doesn't have the knocks on in there, you know, then the last one, of course, is just to prevent diversion.
Steve Holtsford: Right, so you know that
Steve Holtsford: sublingual it is
Steve Holtsford: Yes, yeah.
Steve Holtsford: They're both sublingual and I don't suddenly text for you is fine. You know, you're, you're very stable and you're not going to
Steve Holtsford: You're not going to dissolve your subjects.
Steve Holtsford: And
Mary Holland: Also that
Steve Holtsford: Exactly.
Steve Holtsford: Exactly. So in terms of in through the years, you've never you've never taken a sub you tax or buprenorphine.
Mary Holland: I have before. Once you
Steve Holtsford: Okay. Do you know the dose that you took
Mary Holland: I think it isn't it like four milligrams for the strip. I took the stripy ones wasn't like
Steve Holtsford: Okay, yeah, there it is. It's 248 an extra they have a 12 now too.
Mary Holland: I remember taking a four milligram on at some point time ago.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, in Europe, you're already down to 20 milligrams of methadone. So, you know, I'm just thinking out loud here that that may be two milligrams sub detects in the morning and two milligrams in the evening at least to start out
Steve Holtsford: Might be a might be a decent dose.
Mary Holland: I'll take it take to get off of it.
Steve Holtsford: Everybody's different. Everybody's different. Mary
Steve Holtsford: Again, I wouldn't put I wouldn't put pressure on yourself.
Mary Holland: I only pressure at this point is considering the $700 deductible.
Steve Holtsford: Oh, gotcha. This for for the bright heart.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah. Oh, I see. Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah. See, I don't I don't deal with any of that.
Mary Holland: Right, that's not
Steve Holtsford: Yeah. Yeah, I feel, yes.
Steve Holtsford: So,
Steve Holtsford: You know, if you if you Google, we need myself off of Suboxone. There are so many theories on how to do it and no none is better than the other really that the key is, take your time. Don't put pressure on yourself to do it.
Steve Holtsford: Just, you know, we could we could you know let's let's see how four milligrams goes
Steve Holtsford: A day
Steve Holtsford: And then if that if that's works well, then maybe we do that for a month and then try to go to three and then two and then and maybe, maybe you're completely off in a few months.
Mary Holland: Okay.
Steve Holtsford: You know, and then I again.
Steve Holtsford: You know, if, if you're ready to have a fucking baby just have a fucking baby.
Mary Holland: Okay.
Steve Holtsford: It is what it is you know it's it's safe.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, safe. We do it all the time.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, and
Steve Holtsford: And it's not gonna it's there are no, you know, I guess I would probably if you're new to town. I would probably do a little research in in terms of obese that are comfortable
Steve Holtsford: You know, taking care of patients.
Mary Holland: Are pretty rural area so it gets
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, I had to. I had to MapQuest Chester.
Mary Holland: The home of Popeye.
Mary Holland: Oh, man. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: You're right, with the forearms.
Mary Holland: Yeah, that's our claim to fame.
Steve Holtsford: I'll be darned I'll return so
Steve Holtsford: You know, I would probably do that.
Steve Holtsford: But you're not how far you from St. Louis, or an hour, an hour, an
Mary Holland: Hour and a half.
Steve Holtsford: Hour and a half, okay, you know, worst case scenario would be and then
Steve Holtsford: So you know if you're at. If you are at a stage in your life where you and your husband want to have a baby.
Steve Holtsford: I wouldn't let four milligrams of subjects, get in the way of that.
Mary Holland: Okay, yeah, I appreciate that.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah yeah
Mary Holland: And I mean I do feel a lot better at that than 110 milligrams a method
Mary Holland: Yeah, that the equivalence of that I'm like Jesus. I didn't realize how much that was like 400 bucks a day.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, your tolerance was up there.
Mary Holland: It was bad, so I'm
Mary Holland: I mean, I feel pretty proud of having gotten down this far.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, yeah. And how much you know, back in the day, how much hair when we're using it today.
Mary Holland: As much as I could afford
Mary Holland: Got it. Usually, it was TWO OR THREE CAPSULES at a time, and I was in living in Baltimore area. Okay.
Mary Holland: I did the gel cap things. So it was like two or three per shot and then three or four shots a day.
Steve Holtsford: Got it, got it. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: All right, so I should have I'm new to this whole thing, so I should be able to
Steve Holtsford: Did you give them your pharmacy information.
Mary Holland: Yes, there's only one Walmart here in Chester, Illinois.
Steve Holtsford: Walmart okay and Walmart, just so you know socks. They suck in terms of of buprenorphine and getting buprenorphine.
Mary Holland: Oh really,
Mary Holland: Yes, we have another local pharmacy that has a drive thru. I don't know if that would be better. But I mean, again, it's small rural pharmacy.
Steve Holtsford: So we can
Steve Holtsford: We can try.
Steve Holtsford: But, but they, they, in general are just, they don't stop very well. And so, but but I'll just, I'll send it all electronically so
Steve Holtsford: We'll, we'll work it out.
Steve Holtsford: And then let's see, did they did they give you. I apologize. I'm on I'm new to this, they gave you
Steve Holtsford: You know you can you can contact somebody a bright heart if you have
Mary Holland: They sent me some emails. They talked about doing like having to do group meetings, but I don't think I need to. I actually already do DVD on my own.
Mary Holland: With a group therapy so
Mary Holland: Yeah, and I don't believe in, like, Well, for me personally I don't do. I'm not religious.
Mary Holland: So I don't like a so I do, I do.
Steve Holtsford: Gotcha, gotcha. Okay. All right. So, and I and I can't. And I would agree with you and talking to you that that groups are probably not going to benefit you that much. But I don't, I don't know.
Steve Holtsford: Right hearts policy and stuff. You know what I mean.
Steve Holtsford: I mean might have to jump through hoops.
Mary Holland: Find out
Steve Holtsford: Yeah. And then, but we'll, we'll, we'll get through it so
Steve Holtsford: Okay, I think that's about
Steve Holtsford: All I need, and do they have you spoken with a therapist yet.
Mary Holland: Not from you guys. No.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right. I think they asked
Steve Holtsford: You know, suicidality, you're not suicidal.
Mary Holland: Suicidal not homicidal breaks and stuff maybe
Steve Holtsford: But not kill anybody.
Know,
Steve Holtsford: In your maybe that kills. Okay. All right, so let me see if I can
Steve Holtsford: Ups. Let's see. Are you still there, Mary.
Mary Holland: Yeah, I'm still here.
Steve Holtsford: Can you see me now or no.
Mary Holland: Yes, I can.
Steve Holtsford: You can. Okay, so let me just
Steve Holtsford: Go to the programs.
Mary Holland: It's nice that they're allowing doctors to do the Collins for the SEBI text now.
Steve Holtsford: Yes, yes, it really
Mary Holland: Especially in these rural communities like it's very difficult for us to find help for people
Steve Holtsford: Yes, and that that's what's most exciting about this potential is that, you know, I, I do a lot of training for waiver training so
Steve Holtsford: You know, as I train these dogs. I will tell them you know hey there bright heart health, you know, if you've got a you know a couple half days a month, we can you know get patients stable throughout the whole state in the middle of nowhere.
Mary Holland: Right, I'm actually distances, the first time I've encountering this and it's been so nice. I'm my I work for the county for our county mental health or the Human Services her
Mary Holland: Job. I'm gonna bring that up to our county and see if they can help put it in inflammation.
Steve Holtsford: Right. Right. I mean, I'm just, I'm just starting to talk to people throughout the state to make this available because you know I have a
Steve Holtsford: I have a limit of 275 patients and in my, in my Lighthouse recovery, where I work. One, one day a week I have about 50 so I have more than 200 spots that they're available.
Mary Holland: To people with yeah
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, I could be helping people in counties that have zero providers. And then when you multiply that by by, you know, my 20 friends that are waiver. I mean, you're before you know it, everybody should, should you know have care.
Steve Holtsford: So,
Steve Holtsford: All right, all right, Mary, so I
Steve Holtsford: am gonna so I think we're done.
Steve Holtsford: I will
Steve Holtsford: I will send the meds.
Steve Holtsford: To the pharmacy and you should assuming they have it.
Steve Holtsford: You should be able to
Mary Holland: Find it at a Walmart somewhere around here.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, yeah, you should be able to to pick it up with within an hour or so and then
Steve Holtsford: I'll just
Steve Holtsford: And I can contact you through through bright heart. I have to figure out how to do that. But so really take two milligrams
Steve Holtsford: Maybe wait 3060 minutes. See how you feel if you if you feel significantly better maybe stop there. If you, if you need to take another one which is four milligrams, that's fine, don't view it as a as a failure at all. We're just, you know,
Steve Holtsford: If we go four milligrams twice a day that's still not a very high dose. Just so you know, you know,
Mary Holland: Just a PM.
Steve Holtsford: Exactly, exactly. And then, and then in a bit. We can probably decrease the one today dosing, but don't put
Steve Holtsford: You know, we want you to feel like you're supposed to feel. Don't put too much. Don't be like, oh no, I can't believe I'm on eight milligrams. Don't worry about it. I guess we get to feeling good. And then we then we taper slowly and then you get pregnant squared on a kid and silver. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Go. Yes, yes. Exactly. Okay. All right. Very nice to meet you. And we'll be in touch.
Mary Holland: Thank you. Bye bye.
Steve Holtsford: You're welcome face.